Refactor all project to use alpine images, HTTPS and one docker per p… (#56)
EmakinaFR/docker-proximis: README.md

This repository allows the creation of a Docker environment that meets
[Proximis Omnichannel](https://www.proximis.com/) requirements.

## Requirements

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Mutagen](https://mutagen.io/)

## Installation

This process assumes that [Docker Engine](https://www.docker.com/get-started) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) are correctly installed.
Otherwise, you should have a look to the [installation documentation](https://docs.docker.com/install/) before proceeding further. 

### Before installation

> The only dependency require to run the environment is [Mutagen](https://mutagen.io/) which will synchronize your local files with docker's containers for maximize performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only dependency required to run the environment is [Mutagen](https://mutagen.io/) which will synchronize your local files with docker's containers to maximize performances.
```
